all right what's up Travis this is the
motorcycle Honda Hawk the t2 model -
whatever you want to call it it's 400
CCS you know it's a pretty cool bike
gets the job done 50 miles per gallon
that's what I'm averaging I've got to
exhaust everything on here is stock
except for the handlebars the other ones
kind of go up a little bit higher you
can see in other pictures they're a
little bit different see the carburetors
what you have to do on most bikes is
clean them and they're right here it's
very easy to take out you know one two
then the other side three four different
areas four screws you just rip it out
it's and you can clean it take it apart
pretty easy to do took about 15-20
minutes to figure out how to take it out
the first time anyways this is it I just
installed a new tack cable to make this
thing work
just now it cost me 15 bucks to get it
cool thing is this has an electric start
and it also has a kickstart pop it out
kick it and it's pretty sweet so you
know if you don't have a battery your
battery's dead you can still kick start
it and go start it for ya
anyways that's that there's a lot you
can do to it
you know if want to make it look
different leading the breaks I have to
do that when I first got it actually
bought a new whole brake caliper a piece
and it cost me 15 bucks down the road
and I just took off two bolts took that
out put a new one on which is this one
it's used but you know it works and
there's little you know you can go out
you can you go on YouTube they tell you
how to do it but basically just put a
new brake fluid you pump it and old
stuff shoots out of here you catch it in
a pan I did a cheap way I did not bike
it you can buy for like 30 bucks I just
did it you know with a bucket and a
fluid and it saved me a lot of money and
it was really easy to do took me like
five minutes so that the carbs and maybe
a little bit of engine work is probably
the most you're going to do to a bike
anyway that's it looking at for know
anything else about it just let me know
peace